DOCS-#4224: Add info about Omnisci in Supported APIs sections (#4225)
modin-project/modin: docs/supported_apis/utilities_supported.rst

the method in the left column. ``Y`` stands for yes, ``N`` stands for no, ``P`` stands
for partial (meaning some parameters may not be supported yet), and ``D`` stands for
default to pandas.
**Currently second column reflects implementation status for Ray and Dask engines. By default support of a method
in the Omnisci engine could be treated as ``D`` unless ``Notes`` column contains additional information. imilarly,
by default ``Notes`` contains information about ``Ray`` and ``Dask`` engines unless ``Omnisci`` explicitly mentioned.**

+---------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+
| Utility method            | Modin Implementation? (Y/N/P/D) | Notes for Current implementation                   |
+---------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

> | `pd.concat`_              | Y                               |  **Omnisci**:``P``?                                |

Reviewer: same as for `append`: sort and ignore_index parameters are ignored in certain cases

the method in the left column. ``Y`` stands for yes, ``N`` stands for no, ``P`` stands
for partial (meaning some parameters may not be supported yet), and ``D`` stands for
default to pandas.

> **Currently second column reflects implementation status for Ray and Dask engines. By default support of a method
> in the Omnisci engine could be treated as ``D`` unless ``Notes`` column contains additional information. imilarly,
> by default ``Notes`` contains information about ``Ray`` and ``Dask`` engines unless ``Omnisci`` explicitly mentioned.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

**Currently, the second column reflects implementation status for Ray and Dask engines. By default, support for a method
in the Omnisci engine could be treated as ``D`` unless ``Notes`` column contains additional information. Similarly,
by default ``Notes`` contains information about ``Ray`` and ``Dask`` engines unless ``Omnisci`` is explicitly mentioned.**

```

> +---------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer 2: Comments left for `docs/supported_apis/dataframe_supported.rst` are applicable for this file too.
